docs: clarify information about values (#5503)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/keyConcepts.md

VictoriaMetrics supports enforcing of label filters for [query API](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Single-server-VictoriaMetrics.html#prometheus-querying-api-enhancements)
to emulate data isolation. However, the real data isolation can be achieved via [multi-tenancy](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Cluster-VictoriaMetrics.html#multitenancy).

> VictoriaMetrics stores all the values as `float64`, 
> so these values can lose precision when the value contains more than `12-15` decimal digits.
> Initially, it called `strconv.ParseFloat(str, 64)`. This loses precision in lower 3 decimal digits.
> Input integer values in the range `[-2^54 ... 2^54-1]` shouldn't lose precision, while all the integer values outside this 
> range may lose precision due to conversions explained above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VictoriaMetrics stores all the values as [float64](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-precision_floating-point_format) values with [extra compression](https://faun.pub/victoriametrics-achieving-better-compression-for-time-series-data-than-gorilla-317bc1f95932) applied.
This guarantees precision correctness for values with up to 12 significant decimal digits ([-2^54 ... 2^54-1]). 
```

I believe this comment should belong to https://docs.victoriametrics.com/keyConcepts.html#raw-samples

Author: updated. moved the description to the raw-samples
